Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)

APPROVALS AND CONDITIONS

2.1 Approvals from Relevant Authorities

2.1.1 Bursa Securities

Bursa Securities had, via its letter dated 13 January 2023, approved:

(i) the admission of our Company to the Official List of the ACE Market of Bursa Securities;
(ii) the listing of and quotation for our entire enlarged issued share capital on the ACE Market of Bursa Securities; and
(iii) The approval-in-principle for the registration of the Prospectus.

The approval from Bursa Securities is subject to the following conditions:

No. Details of conditions imposed Status of compliance

Submit the following information with respect to the moratorium on the shareholdings of the specified shareholders to Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd: Complied
(i) Name of shareholders;
(ii) Number of shares; and
Date of expiry of the moratorium for each block of shares.

Confirm that approvals from other relevant authorities have been obtained for implementation of the listing proposals; Complied

The Bumiputera equity requirements for public listed companies as approved/exempted by the SC including any conditions imposed thereon; Complied. Our Company is exempted from the Bumiputera equity requirement for public listed companies by the SC as detailed in Section 2.1.2 of this Prospectus.

Make the relevant announcements pursuant to paragraphs 8.1 and 8.2 of Guidance Notes 15 of the Listing Requirements; To be complied

Furnish to Bursa Securities a copy of the schedule of distribution showing compliance with the public shareholding spread requirements based on the entire issued share capital of ADB on the first day of listing; To be complied

In relation to the public offering to be undertaken by ADB, to announce at least 2 market days prior to the listing date, the result of the offering including the following: To be complied
(i) Level of subscription of public balloting and placement;
(ii) Basis of allotment/allocation;
(iii) A table showing the distribution for placement tranche as per the format in Appendix I of Bursa Securities' approval letter; and
(iv) Disclosures of placees who become substantial shareholders of ADB arising from the public offering, if any.

4

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)

APPROVALS AND CONDITIONS (cont'd)

No. Details of conditions imposed Status of compliance
[Continuation of conditions from previous page]
[Unnumbered condition] Malacca Securities must ensure that the overall distribution of ADB's securities is properly carried out to mitigate any disorderly trading in the secondary market; and Noted
7. ADB/Malacca Securities to furnish Bursa Securities with a written confirmation of its compliance with the terms and conditions of Bursa Securities' approval upon the admission of ADB to the Official List of the ACE Market. To be complied

2.1.2 SC

Our Listing is an exempt transaction under Section 212(8) of the CMSA and is therefore not subject to the approval of the SC.

The SC had, vide its letter dated 17 January 2023, noted the resultant equity structure of our Company pursuant to our Listing under the equity requirement for public listed companies ("Equity Requirement"). ACSB was awarded the MSC Malaysia status by Government (represented by the Minister of Finance Malaysia and Minister of International Trade and Industry Malaysia) on 26 September 2007 ("MSC Malaysia Status"), and was the major contributor to the Group's after-tax profit for the Financial Years Under Review. Accordingly, ADB is exempted from the Equity Requirement.

Nevertheless, if we undertake subsequent proposals involving:

(i) a transfer of our listing status to the Main Market of Bursa Securities; or
(ii) any acquisition which results in a significant change in our business direction or policy,

we must submit such application to the SC under the Equity Requirement for a reassessment.

2.2 Moratorium on Our Shares

In accordance with Rule 3.19(1) of the Listing Requirements, a moratorium will be imposed on the sale, transfer or assignment of those Shares held by our Specified Shareholders as follows:

(i) the moratorium applies to the entire shareholdings of our Specified Shareholders for a period of 6 months from the date of our admission to the ACE Market (“First 6-Month Moratorium");
(ii) upon the expiry of the First 6-Month Moratorium, our Company must ensure that our Specified Shareholders' aggregate shareholdings amounting to at least 45.00% of our total number of issued Shares remain under moratorium for another period of 6 months ("Second 6-Month Moratorium"); and
(iii) upon the expiry of the Second 6-Month Moratorium, our Specified Shareholders may sell, transfer or assign up to a maximum of one-third per annum (on a straight-line basis) of those Shares held under moratorium,

(collectively, referred to as "Moratorium Period").

5

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)

APPROVALS AND CONDITIONS (cont'd)

Details of our Shares held by the Specified Shareholders which will be subject to moratorium are as follows:-

Interpretation of the Table: Moratorium on Shares Held by Specified Shareholders

The table details the number and percentage of shares held by the Specified Shareholders (CYT and CCP) that are subject to moratorium rules at different stages following the Company's admission to the ACE Market. The percentages are based on the enlarged issued share capital of 550,500,000 Shares after the IPO.

Specified Shareholders	Moratorium shares during the First 6-Month Moratorium	Moratorium shares during the Second 6-Month Moratorium	Moratorium shares after the Second 6-Month Moratorium
	No. of Shares	(1)%	No. of Shares
CYT	169,357,196	30.76	123,862,500
CCP	169,357,196	30.76	123,862,500
Total	338,714,392	61.52	247,725,000

End of Table Interpretation

Note:
(1) Based on our enlarged issued share capital of 550,500,000 Shares after our IPO.

The moratorium has been fully accepted by our Specified Shareholders, who have provided written undertakings that they will not sell, transfer or assign their shareholdings under moratorium during the Moratorium Period. The moratorium restrictions are specifically endorsed on the share certificates representing the Shares under moratorium held by the Specified Shareholders to ensure that our Share Registrar does not register any transfer that contravenes with such restrictions.

[THE REST OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

6