Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS
YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING KEY RISK FACTORS WHICH MAY
HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL
POSITION AND THE FUTURE PERFORMANCE OF OUR GROUP, IN ADDITION TO OTHER
INFORMATION CONTAINED ELSEWHERE IN THIS PROSPECTUS, BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR
COMPANY.
5.1 RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS
(i)
We are dependent on our Executive Directors and Key Senior Management team for
continued success and growth of our business
Since inception, the success of our Group has been attributed to the experience, industry
knowledge and network, and skills of our Executive Directors and Key Senior Management team.
The growth and future success of our Group will continue to be dependent on the continuous
contribution from our Executive Chairman, CCP and our Managing Director, CYT for their
leadership in setting the strategic direction and driving the business development of our Group.
Additionally, we also attribute our continuous success to the abilities, skills, experience and
efforts of our Key Senior Management team. Please refer to Section 9.2 and Section 9.3 of this
Prospectus for the profiles of our Executive Directors and Key Senior Management team
respectively.
As such, the loss of any of our Executive Directors and Key Senior Management team
simultaneously or within a short period may create an unfavourable impact on our Group's
operations and the future growth of our business, all of which may eventually affect the results of
operations, financial performance and prospects of our Group, if we are unable to replace or
attract suitable talents in a timely manner.
(ii)
We are dependent on our team of programmers
We are dependent on our team of programmers who are equipped with extensive technical IT
knowledge, product knowledge as well as experience in various technology and software such
as C#, Delphi, React, React Native, Razor Page and other development toolkits and software
detailed in Section 7.5 of this Prospectus, to continuously improve our AutoCount software,
develop new software to expand our product offerings, develop software upgrades and provide
technical support and maintenance services to our Authorised Dealers and end-user customers.
As at LPD, we have 31 in-house programmers, of which 30 are permanent employees and 1 is
a contractual employee.
Our ability to retain and to attract competent and skilled programmers is crucial for our continued
success, future business growth and expansion. Any loss of our programmers and our inability
to find suitable replacements in a timely and cost-efficient manner may cause disruptions to our
business operations and our ability to respond to technical issues and changes in technology
quickly.
(iii) We depend on third party cloud computing and hosting platform to function our
AutoCount cloud-native software
All our AutoCount cloud-native software are hosted on third party cloud computing and hosting
platforms. As such, our Group is dependent on the quality, reliability, service upgrades, capacity
and network connectivity of the third party cloud computing and hosting platforms for the hosting
of our cloud-native software. If there are any major unforeseen interruptions in our third party
cloud computing and hosting platforms, which are beyond our control, our end-user customers'
user experience may be adversely affected, whereby our users may have limited or no access to
our cloud-native software, and subsequently may have an adverse impact on our Group's
reputation.
34
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
In May 2022, one of the hosting platforms of our third party cloud computing and hosting platform
which hosted our AutoCount Cloud Payroll experienced service interruptions. Immediately upon
identifying the issue, our Group closely assessed, investigated and monitored the interruptions
to our AutoCount Cloud Payroll and worked closely with our third party cloud computing and
hosting platform to troubleshoot and to identify the cause of the service interruptions in the
hosting platform. Consequent to this, our users experienced an average 5 hours per day of slow
or limited access to our AutoCount Cloud Payroll for 10 days. During the interruption, we had
been communicating with our dealers and/or users to provide assistance where possible, as well
as liaising with the third party cloud computing and hosting platform to identify the cause of the
service interruptions. After performing several rounds of testing, in the evening of the 10th day of
service interruptions, we switched our hosting server to an alternative hosting server under the
same third party cloud computing and hosting platform, which resolved the interruption to our
AutoCount Cloud Payroll where the full access to the software has since reverted to normal. The
third party cloud computing and hosting platform had also resolved the service interruptions
arising from one of their hosting platforms which our AutoCount Cloud Payroll was previously
hosted on. While there were complaints received from our customers (i.e. Authorised Dealers
and end-user customers), there were no claims for financial compensation against our Group
arising from this event. Save for this event, there was no other similar event for the Financial
Years Under Review and up to LPD. Moving forward, such service disruption from third party
cloud computing and hosting platform is expected to be minimal as we are now able to
immediately switch to another server within the same hosting platform or switch to an alternative
hosting platform within a few days.
Notwithstanding that the service interruptions to the third party cloud computing and hosting
platforms are beyond our control, our business operations and reputation may be adversely
affected if the interruptions are not resolved in a timely manner. Further, our end-user customers'
user experience of our software may be adversely affected and may lead to customer
dissatisfaction. Consequently, it may lead to loss in software users and decrease in the renewal
of our software subscription that will adversely impact our financial performance.
(iv) We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategies
We plan to grow our Group's business by expanding and enhancing our service offerings, through
our business strategies and future plans as follows:
(a) We intend to expand our business presence to Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the
Philippines; as well as continue to expand our business in Singapore; and
(b) We intend to intensify our R&D efforts to enhance our software offerings.
In order to successfully implement these business strategies, we are required to increase our
sales and marketing activities and to attract suitable talents. Please refer to Section 7.8 of this
Prospectus for further details of our business strategies.
The execution of our business strategies is subject to additional expenditures including
operational expenditures, capital expenditures and other working capital requirements. Such
additional expenditure will increase our Group's operational cost including overhead costs, which
may adversely affect our implementation of these business strategies as well as profit margin
and cash flow if we are unable to gain sufficient revenue by securing more sales.
35
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
The implementation of our business strategies may be influenced by factors beyond our control,
such as changes in general market conditions, economic climate as well as political environment
in Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines, which may affect the
commercial viability of our business strategies. In addition, the success of our expansion into
Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines is subject to the demand for our software in the
local markets and the establishment of our Authorised Dealer network in each country. The
establishment of our Authorised Dealer network in new markets requires active investment in
marketing and Authorised Dealer recruitment activities, and the growth in our overseas
Authorised Dealer network which ultimately influence the growth of our sales in the new markets,
will take time to materialise. Further, there is no assurance that we will be able to replicate our
success in Malaysia and Singapore to Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.
The implementation of our business strategies could also be adversely affected by a variety of
other factors such as new and unforeseen software features introduced by our competitors or
attractive pricing offered by our competitors which may affect the attractiveness of our offerings,
as well as the level of acceptance of our products by the local customers in countries we intend
to expand into.
Hence, there can be no assurance that the effort and expenditures spent on the implementation
of our business strategies will yield expected results in growing our business in terms of financial
performance and market presence. We are not able to guarantee that we will be successful in
executing our business strategies, nor can we assure that we will be able to anticipate all the
business, operational and industry risks arising from our business strategies. Such failure may
lead to adverse effect on our business operations and financial performance.
(v)
We may be exposed to the risk of security breaches
Our customers' information and all data generated from our cloud-native software are stored on
third party cloud platform and transmitted through the internet. Storage of data electronically and
data transmission over the internet may expose our database to external security threats such
as malware attacks, hacking, espionage or cyber intrusions, as well as internal security breaches
which include unauthorised access to restricted information by our employees. In the event
where there are security breaches on the third party cloud platform which we subscribe to that
lead to leakage of our customers' information to unauthorised parties, our reputation and
relationship with our customers may be adversely affected. Despite there being no contractual
provisions that allow our customers to claim for any losses arising from such data leakage, such
event may lead to loss of customers' confidence in our Group which will adversely affect our
industry reputation.
Further, under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010, any service provider that collects and
processes customer information shall comply with the Personal Data Protection Principles set
out in the aforementioned legislation and has the responsibility to adopt and implement a policy
that protects the privacy of identifiable information. Failure to protect our customers' information
from security breaches may result in the termination of subscriptions by our customers as well
as exposure to legal action by our customers for breach of confidentiality including, but not limited
to, lawsuits for damages arising from such breaches, which could adversely affect our business
reputation. In addition, contravention of the Personal Data Protection Principles shall commit an
offence pursuant to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 and shall, on conviction, be liable to
a fine not exceeding RM300,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both.
Since the commencement of our business and up to LPD, there has been no occurrence of
security breaches which led to leakage of customers' information. Moving forward, there can be
no assurance that there will not be cases of security breaches which could lead to adverse impact
to our Group as described above.
36
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5. RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
(vi) Our ownership rights may be infringed and/or we may inadvertently infringe on third
party's ownership rights
As all our AutoCount software are developed in-house by our Group, we retain the ownership
rights of our software. However, there can be no assurance that the ownership rights will
adequately protect our software against any infringement by third parties. Further, despite having
trademarks registered as detailed in Section 7.17 of this Prospectus, there can be no assurance
that there will not be unauthorised use of our registered trademarks on similar products, which
may be deemed as counterfeit software if it involves unlawful copying of our AutoCount software.
Such unauthorised use of our registered trademark may create market confusion amongst end-
user customers as they may unknowingly purchase or subscribe to these counterfeit software.
Although we are not responsible for any of these software which are not developed by us, end-
user customers may approach us directly if they encounter any issues that can't be resolved by
the seller of the software, which may temporarily affect end-user customers' confidence towards
our brand and software quality. Nevertheless, in such event, we will investigate and inform the
affected end-user customers that the software used are not authentic AutoCount software and
hence we are unable to address any complaints arising from the usage of that software, and
subsequently direct the affected end-user customers to purchase our AutoCount software from
our authorised sources.
Further, in the development of our software, including all on-going and future enhancements and
modifications, there are possibilities that we could inadvertently infringe ownership rights held by
third party(s). This could happen if we inadvertently develop or modify our software to the extent
that it is substantially similar with other software owned by a third party in the market, in terms of
amongst others, source codes, user interface and visual design of the software. This would result
in the risk of the third party challenging our Group's ownership rights or taking legal action against
us, if the third party is made aware of the situation.
There is no assurance that any of the above incidents will be resolved in our favour. In the event
that we are unsuccessful in pursuing any action against third party infringers, or a third party has
successfully established that we have infringed its ownership rights, we may suffer significant
loss arising from financial penalties and / or litigation costs. We may also be exposed to other
risks such as adverse reputation and / or being prevented from selling any of our applications
which may impact our range of offerings and financial performance.
Since inception, our Group has not encountered any issues relating to the infringement of our
ownership rights, nor formal complaints relating to unauthorised use of our registered trademarks
which led to material adverse impact on our business, nor as far as management is aware, have
we inadvertently infringed on third parties' ownership rights.
(vii) We are exposed to foreign exchange transaction risks which may impact the profitability
of our Group
From FYEs 2019 to 2022, our local sales from Malaysia were the largest contributor to our
Group's revenue at approximately 83.15%, 78.58%, 75.10% and 80.65% respectively. During
the same period, we also derived sales from overseas customers, which mainly comprised
customers from Singapore. Revenue generated from local customers in Malaysia were mainly
denominated in RM; while revenue generated from customers in Singapore were denominated
in SGD.
For the Financial Years Under Review, we also purchased some supplies and services from
overseas suppliers, which include cloud computing and hosting platform for the hosting of our
cloud-native software and dongles that were used as one of the forms of delivery for our on-
premise software. Some of the supplies and services purchased from overseas suppliers were
mainly denominated in USD, while the remaining purchases from overseas suppliers and local
suppliers were mainly denominated in RM.
37
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
Our proportions of sales and purchases transactions denominated in local and foreign currencies
are as follows:

Interpretation of Sales and Purchases Denomination Table:
This table shows the breakdown of the Group's sales and purchases by the currency they were denominated in for the Financial Years Ended (FYE) 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022. Values are in thousands of Ringgit Malaysia (RM'000) and percentages (%).

Sales Denominated In:

RM: Consistently the largest portion, ranging from 75.04% (FYE 2021) to 84.16% (FYE 2019). The absolute amount increased significantly by FYE 2022 to RM 31,224,000.

SGD: The second largest contributor, showing growth in absolute terms and fluctuating as a percentage, peaking at 24.19% in FYE 2021 (RM 7,132,000) and settling at 18.72% in FYE 2022 (RM 7,246,000).

USD: A small percentage, below 1% for most years, peaking at 0.99% in FYE 2020.

BND: A very small percentage, consistently below 0.35%.

AUD: Negligible, less than 0.01% each year.

Total Sales: Increased year-on-year from RM 18,891,000 in FYE 2019 to RM 38,717,000 in FYE 2022.

Purchases Denominated In:

RM: The majority of purchases were in RM, ranging from 79.19% (FYE 2022) to 98.64% (FYE 2021).

USD: Showed significant variation. It was 12.45% in FYE 2019, dropped to 4.01% and 0.73% in FYE 2020 and 2021 respectively, but increased substantially to 19.45% (RM 385,000) in FYE 2022.

SGD: A very small percentage, starting from zero in FYE 2019 and increasing slightly to 1.36% by FYE 2022.

Total Purchases: Increased significantly from RM 707,000 in FYE 2019 to RM 1,979,000 in FYE 2022.

Table Data:
| | FYE 2019 | % | FYE 2020 | % | FYE 2021 | % | FYE 2022 | % |
|-----------------|----------------|---------|----------------|---------|----------------|---------|----------------|---------|
| Sales denominated in: | RM'000 | | RM'000 | | RM'000 | | RM'000 | |
| (a) RM | 15,899 | 84.16 | 15,433 | 78.59 | 22,127 | 75.04 | 31,224 | 80.65 |
| (b) SGD | 2,867 | 15.18 | 3,942 | 20.07 | 7,132 | 24.19 | 7,246 | 18.72 |
| (c) USD | 107 | 0.57 | 195 | 0.99 | 176 | 0.61 | 131 | 0.33 |
| (d) BND | 17 | 0.08 | 67 | 0.34 | 47 | 0.16 | 115 | 0.30 |
| (e) AUD | 1 | 0.01 | 1 | 0.01 | 1 | * | 1 | * |
| | 18,891 | 100.00 | 19,638 | 100.00 | 29,483 | 100.00 | 38,717 | 100.00 |
| Purchases denominated in: | RM'000 | | RM'000 | | RM'000 | | RM'000 | |
| (a) RM | 619 | 87.55 | 788 | 95.87 | 1,890 | 98.64 | 1,567 | 79.19 |
| (b) USD | 88 | 12.45 | 33 | 4.01 | 14 | 0.73 | 385 | 19.45 |
| (c) SGD | - | - | 1 | 0.12 | 12 | 0.63 | 27 | 1.36 |
| | 707 | 100.00 | 822 | 100.00 | 1,916 | 100.00 | 1,979 | 100.00 |

Note:
*
Representing less than 0.01%.

We are exposed to foreign exchange transaction risk which mainly arised from our revenue
exposure to SGD, which constituted 15.18%, 20.07%, 24.19% and 18.72% of our total revenue
in the FYEs 2019 to 2022 respectively. While we also transact in other currencies (i.e. USD, BND
and AUD), our exposure of foreign exchange transaction risk on these currencies was minimal
and hence, fluctuations in the exchange rates between RM and these currencies did not have
material impact to our Group.
We currently do not have a formal policy with respect to our foreign exchange transactions, and
we do not hedge our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As such, we
are subject to foreign exchange fluctuation risk for our revenue and purchases denominated in
foreign currencies which we transact, especially the SGD. Please refer to Section 12.12(i) of this
Prospectus for further details on our revenue and purchases by currencies, as well as our gains
and losses from foreign exchange fluctuations for the FYEs 2019 to 2022. Moving forward, we
intend to expand to other Southeast Asia countries including Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines
and Vietnam. As such, our exposure to foreign exchange risk is expected to increase.
(viii) Our business and operations may be exposed to sudden disruptions caused by serious
pandemic and epidemic outbreaks
On 11 March 2020, COVID-19 virus, also known as the novel coronavirus was declared a
worldwide pandemic by the World Health Organisation. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the
Government of Malaysia has imposed various degrees of nationwide movement restrictions. On
1 April 2022, the Government of Malaysia began the transition into an Endemic Phase with
relaxed COVID-19 measures.
During the movement restriction periods, there were several rounds of mandatory closure of our
office, and our Authorised Dealers' offices were also closed at the same time. Nevertheless, there
were no interruptions to our business operations as our employees continued to work from home
during the periods of office closure. Please refer to Section 7.14 of this Prospectus for further
details on the arrangement of our business operations during the COVID-19 pandemic.
38
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
Moving forward, any such future pandemic outbreaks, as well as epidemic outbreaks affecting a
significantly large but more localised population, may result in similar interruptions to our Group's
business and operations, which may subsequently have a material adverse impact on our
financial performance.
(ix) Our investments in R&D may not yield returns and may not positively contribute to our
business operations
Our Group recognises the increasing demand for technology application and infrastructure
solutions in all industries. Hence, our R&D activities focus on developing and enhancing our suite
of financial management software, comprising accounting software, POS software and payroll
software. As part of our continuous effort in improving our range of financial management
software, we actively engage in R&D activities to expand the functions and enhance the features
of our AutoCount software. As part of our business strategies and future plans, we intend to
allocate RM5.21 million from the IPO proceeds to intensify our R&D efforts to enhance our
software offerings in the next 2 years, with continuing focus on enhancing the functionalities and
modules as well as adding new features in our existing cloud-native software to address the
digitalisation needs of businesses and companies. Please refer to Section 7.8.2 of this
Prospectus for the details of our plans on intensifying R&D efforts.
The enhancement of our existing software and development of any new software in the future
are based on our Group's R&D / software development initiatives primarily focusing on
addressing the digitalisation needs of businesses and companies as well as meeting the latest
statutory requirements on amongst others, changes in taxation basis. As it is not project-based
and not subject to external deadlines, there is no strict timeline that must be adhered to.
Nevertheless, the loss of opportunities available in the market may arise if any of our Group's
new software or enhanced software are developed and launched much later than similar
software launched by our competitors.
Despite the commitments and efforts placed into R&D, there is no assurance that our R&D
activities will yield results and develop software which suit the digitalisation needs of all
businesses and companies that can substantially improve our financial performance.
(x) Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that may
arise in the course of our business operations
We maintain insurance at levels that are customary in our industry to protect against various
losses and liabilities. As at LPD, the insurance policies taken by our Group amounts to a total
coverage of RM15.02 million in regards to the protection against various losses and liabilities
such as building insurance, fire risk insurance, machine and equipment insurance, burglary
insurance, money insurance, public liability insurance, employer's liability insurance and group
personal accident policy.
However, in the event of claims, our insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or
liabilities that might be incurred in our operations as a result of any unforeseen circumstances.
Moreover, we will be subject to the risk that, in the future, we may not be able to maintain or
obtain insurance of the type and amount desired at reasonable rates. If we were to incur a
significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on
our business operations and financial performance.
39
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
5.2 RISKS RELATING TO OUR INDUSTRY
(i)
We are affected by the availability of experienced talent in the market
Successful hires for our programming team are subject to the suitability and availability of
software programmers in the market that matches the requirements of our Group. We require our
programmers to possess certain experience and fundamental skillsets such as the abilities to
code in certain programming languages; debug the software if errors are discovered during
software testing; and perform coding review. Further, knowledge in accounting, payroll and POS
is also essential to develop practical and user-friendly features and functions in our AutoCount
software.
In the IT industry, these technical skillsets may be difficult to source as experienced personnel
with a combination of IT skillset as well as accounting and/or financial knowledge may not be
widely available in the market at competitive salary rates. Even if we manage to hire suitable
talents equipped with IT skillset as well as accounting and/or financial knowledge, there can be
no assurance that we will be able to retain them for a long duration at competitive salary rates. If
we are unable to source for suitable talent that meet our Group's requirements timely and in
sufficient numbers, we may experience slowdown in software development and face challenges
in upkeeping and enhancing our software. Thus, our financial performance may be adversely
affected. Our profitability may be adversely affected if we are required to incur overly high salary
costs to hire and retain talents to support our business operations. During the Financial Years
Under Review, our Group did not experience any shortage of talents. As at LPD, our Group has
sufficient experienced talent in handling our daily business operations. However, to facilitate our
business strategies of expanding our business in certain countries in the Southeast Asia region
and enhancing our software offerings by intensifying our R&D efforts, we will need to hire
additional suitable talents which may not be readily or sufficiently available in the market.
(ii)
We face risks of not adapting quickly to latest digitalisation needs of businesses and
companies as well as latest technological development
The IT industry undergoes continuous and rapid technological developments, with increasing
levels of complexity and capabilities to digitalise business operations. The accounting and
financial related operations and processes that our end-user customers intend to digitalise may
require the usage of the latest software with the relevant and up-to-date features and functions
to meet the prevailing statutory requirements and accounting standards.
Generally, any major changes in statutory requirements that result in how data is captured in
accounting software, such as the implementation of GST tax system in 2014, will require major
changes in accounting software. However, changes in accounting standards that result in
reporting requirement changes, such as revenue recognition standards, generally do not cause
any major impact on how data is captured in accounting software. In such event, our Group does
not need to make major changes to our AutoCount software.
Our ability to adapt to these changes and requirements by developing new software or enhancing
our existing software according to the latest technological development to meet the digitalisation
needs of businesses and companies will determine the sustainability of our business. There can
be no assurance that we would have sufficient resources to successfully and accurately capture
the latest digitalisation needs of end-user customers and thereafter develop new software or
enhance our software by adopting relevant features and functions in our software on a timely and
cost-effective manner.
As such, any failure to meet the requirements by businesses and companies for business
digitalisation on a timely manner may impact our ability to retain existing users and attract new
users, as well as our ability to retain our existing Authorised Dealers and recruit new Authorised
Dealers. In such circumstances, we may experience a loss of a substantial amount of end-user
customers and a decrease in the renewal of our software subscription in a short period of time,
which may in turn adversely impact our Group's business sustainability and financial
performance.
40
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
(iii) We are exposed to risks relating to the political conditions, legal and regulatory
requirements, economic developments and cultural environment in the countries where
we operate and intend to expand into
Our Group operates in Malaysia and Singapore. We intend to expand to other countries in
Southeast Asia, namely Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines and Vietnam within 36 months after
the date of Listing. Our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be
affected by any adverse developments, changes and / or uncertainties in the political, legal,
regulatory, economic or cultural environments that are beyond our control in the countries in we
operate. Examples of the changes to the economic, political, legal, regulatory and/or cultural
environment are changes in economic conditions, political conditions, interest rates, government
policies and regulations, import and export restrictions, duties and tariffs, civil unrests, methods
of taxation, inflation, foreign exchange controls and local business practices.
Any changes to the economic, political, legal, regulatory and/or cultural environments in the
countries in which we have customers that lead to partial or full access restriction to our software
may cause disruptions in our business operations as well as our end customers' business
operations. Further, any changes to the economic, political, legal, regulatory and/or cultural
environments may also lead to a reduction in the demand for our AutoCount software. This could
happen due to negative economic conditions of a country that may cause businesses and
companies to be more prudent in spending, political tension between Malaysia and other
countries that cause potential restrictions on the use of products and/or services from Malaysia,
imposition of licences and/or permits for the use of products and/or services from Malaysia, and
preferences amongst businesses and companies in foreign countries to use local software. All of
these may consequently cause a decline in our revenue which may lead to a material adverse
impact on our business and financial performance.
(iv) We face competition from existing and new financial management software principals
In Malaysia, there is a wide selection of financial management software available in the market,
which ranges in terms of price points and functionalities. The functionalities available in financial
management software can range from simple and basic functions that are sufficient to facilitate
fundamental financial management processes, to complex functions that are capable of
facilitating more complicated financial management processes as well as business processes in
a single software.
The barriers to entry are moderate as industry players require expertise in financial management
as well as IT to develop financial management software and enhance software functions in order
to remain competitive in the industry and to have a sustainable business over the long term. As
such, we are required to retain a strong technical team for continuous software enhancement
and new software development, as well as continue to maintain an extensive Authorised Dealer
network for a wide reach to end-user customers. However, as there are no industry-specific
licences or permits required to become a software principal other than ordinary business licences,
we may also face competition from new market entrants.
The factors affecting businesses' decisions to purchase any software for business digitalisation
are price, software features and functionalities, stability, compatibility in multiple operating
systems and flexibility for customisation to suit their business needs. Further, it also depends on
our ability and the ability of our Authorised Dealers to provide suitable software solutions,
customer service and/or after-sales service. We need to maintain our competitive edge by taking
measures such as providing financial management software which are robust, up-to-date and
user friendly, as well as employing effective distribution channel and marketing strategies. Any
failure on remaining competitive would lead to reduced sales, which will eventually impact our
financial performance and profitability.
41
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
5.3 RISKS RELATING TO INVESTMENT IN OUR SHARES
(i)
No prior market for our Shares and it is uncertain whether a sustainable market will ever
develop
Prior to our IPO, there has been no public market for our Shares. Hence, there is no assurance
that upon Listing, an active market for our Shares will develop, or if developed, that such a market
will be sustainable. There is also no assurance as to the liquidity of any market that may develop
for our Shares, the ability of holders to sell our Shares or the selling prices at which holders would
be able to obtain for our Shares.
We and our Promoters have no obligation to cause our Shares to be marketable. The IPO Price
was determined after taking into consideration various factors and these factors could cause our
Share price to fluctuate which may adversely affect the market price of our Shares.
There can be no assurance that the IPO Price will correspond to the price at which our Shares
will trade on the ACE Market upon our Listing and that the market price of our Shares will not
decline below the IPO Price.
(ii) Capital market risks and share price volatility
The performance of capital market is very much dependent on external factors such as the
performance of the regional and global stock markets and the inflow or outflow of foreign funds.
Sentiment is also largely driven by internal factors such as economic and political conditions of
the country as well as the growth potential of the various sectors of the economy. These factors
invariably contribute to the volatility of trading volumes in capital market, thus adding risks to the
market price of our listed Shares. Nevertheless, the profitability of our Group is not dependent on
the performance of the capital market as the business activities of our Group have no direct
correlation with the performance of securities listed in the capital market.
Our Shares could trade at prices lower than the IPO Price depending on various factors, including
current economic, financial and fiscal condition in Malaysia, our operations and financial results
and the price volatility in the markets for securities in similar or related industry in Malaysia or
emerging markets. There is no assurance that any market for our Shares will not be disrupted by
price volatility or other factors, which may have a material adverse effect on the market price of
our Shares.
In addition, the market price of our Shares may be highly volatile and could fluctuate significantly
and rapidly in response to, amongst others, the following factors, some of which are beyond our
control:
(a) variation in our results and operations;
(b)
success or failure in our management team in implementing business and growth
strategies;
(c) changes in securities analysts' recommendations, perceptions or estimates of our financial
performance;
(d) changes in conditions affecting the industry, the general economic conditions or stock
market sentiments or other events and factors;
(e)
additions or departures of our Key Senior Management team;
(f)
fluctuations in stock market prices and volumes; or
(g)
involvement in litigation.
In addition, many of the risks described herein could materially and adversely affect the market
price of our Shares. Furthermore, if the trading volume of our Shares is low, price fluctuation may
be exacerbated. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our Shares will not trade lower than
the IPO Price.
42
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
(iii) Our Promoters will be able to exert significant influence over our Company as they will
continue to hold majority of our Shares after the IPO
As disclosed in Section 9.1.1 of this Prospectus, our Promoters will collectively hold in aggregate
61.52% of our enlarged issued share capital after our Listing. As a result, they will be able to, in
the foreseeable future, effectively control the business direction and management of our Group
as well as having voting control over our Group and as such, will likely influence the outcome of
certain matters requiring the vote of our shareholders, unless they are required to abstain from
voting either by law and / or by the relevant guidelines or regulations. There can be no assurance
that the interests of our Promoters will be aligned with those of our other shareholders.
(iv) The sale or the possible sale of a substantial number of Shares in the public market
following our IPO could adversely affect the price of our Shares
Following the completion of our IPO and Listing, approximately 38.48% of our enlarged issued
share capital will be publicly held by investors participating in our IPO, while approximately
61.52% of our enlarged issued share capital, will be held by our Promoters and substantial
shareholders.
It is possible that our Promoters and substantial shareholders may dispose of some or all of their
Shares after their respective moratorium period, pursuant to their own investment objectives. If
our Promoters and substantial shareholders sell, or are perceived as intending to sell, a
substantial amount of our Shares, the market price of our Shares could be adversely affected.
(v) Delay in or cancellation of our Listing
The occurrence of certain events, including the following, may cause a delay in or termination of
our Listing:
(a)
(b)
(c)
our Underwriter exercising their rights pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement to
discharge themselves from its obligations under such agreement;
our inability to meet the minimum public spread requirement under the Listing
Requirements of having at least 25.00% of the total number of our Shares for which our
Listing is sought being in the hands of at least 200 public shareholders holding at least 100
Shares each at the point of our Listing; or
the revocation of the approvals from the relevant authorities for our Listing for whatever
reason.
Where prior to the issuance and allotment of our IPO Shares:
(a)
(b)
the SC issues a stop order pursuant to Section 245(1) of the CMSA, the applications shall
be deemed to be withdrawn and cancelled and our Company shall repay all monies paid
in respect of the applications for our IPO Shares within 14 days of the stop order, failing
which we shall be liable to return such monies with interest at the rate of 10.00% per annum
or at such other rate as may be specified by the SC pursuant to Section 245(7)(a) of the
CMSA; or
our Listing is aborted, investors will not receive any of our IPO Shares, all monies paid in
respect of all applications for our IPO Shares will be refunded free of interest within 14
days.
43
Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
5.
RISK FACTORS (cont'd)
Where subsequent to the issuance and allotment of our IPO Shares:
(a)
(b)
the SC issues a stop order pursuant to Section 245(1) of the CMSA, any issue of our IPO
Shares shall be deemed to be void and all monies received from the applicants shall be
forthwith repaid and if any such money is not repaid within 14 days of the date of service
of the stop order, we shall be liable to return such monies with interest at the rate of 10.00%
per annum or at such other rate as may be specified by the SC pursuant to Section
245(7)(b) of the CMSA; or
our Listing is aborted other than pursuant to a stop order by the SC under Section 245(1)
of the CMSA, a return of monies to our shareholders could only be achieved by way of a
cancellation of share capital as provided under the Act and its related rules to the extent
that our IPO Shares form part of our share capital. Such cancellation can be implemented
by the sanction of our shareholders by special resolution in a general meeting and
supported by either (aa) consent by our creditors (unless dispensation with such consent
has been granted by the High Court of Malaya) and the confirmation of the High Court of
Malaya, in which case there can be no assurance that such monies can be returned within
a short period of time or at all under such circumstances, or (bb) a solvency statement
from the directors.
(vi) Payment of dividends
Our ability to declare dividends to our shareholders will depend on, amongst others, our future
financial performance, distributable reserves and cash flows. This, in turn, is dependent on our
operating results, capital requirements and on our ability to implement our future plans, demand
for and selling prices of our products, general economic conditions, and other factors specific to
our industry, many of which are beyond our control. As such, there is no assurance that we will
be able to pay dividends to our shareholders.
We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through our
subsidiaries. Accordingly, dividends and other distributions received from our subsidiaries are
our principal source of income. The receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries may also be
affected by the passage of new laws, adoption of new regulations and other events outside our
control, and our subsidiaries may not continue to meet the applicable legal and regulatory
requirements for the payment of dividends in the future. In addition, changes in accounting
standards may also affect the ability of our subsidiaries, and consequently, our ability to pay
dividends.
Further, our payment of dividends may adversely affect our ability to fund unexpected capital
expenditure as well as our ability to make interest and principal repayments on any borrowings
that we may have outstanding at the time. As a result, we may be required to borrow additional
money or raise capital by issuing equity securities, which may not be on favourable terms or
available at all. Further, if we incur new borrowings subsequent to our Listing, we may be subject
to additional covenants restricting our ability to pay dividends.
Dividend payments are not guaranteed and our Board may decide, at its sole and absolute
discretion, at any time and for any reason, not to pay dividends. If we do not pay dividends, or
pay dividends at levels lower than that anticipated by investors, the market price of our Shares
may be negatively affected and the value of any investment in our Shares may be reduced.
Further details of our dividend policy are set out in Section 12.16 of this Prospectus.
44