Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
7.5 TECHNOLOGY
The technology used by our Group in our business operations are as follows:

Function/ purpose | Development toolkit/software used | Description | AutoCount software that used/ developed using the development toolkit/software
------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Database management system | Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL Server, Firebird | A database management system used to store, manipulate and retrieve data in databases. | - AutoCount Accounting - AutoCount Retail POS - AutoCount F&B POS - AutoCount Cloud Accounting - AutoCount Cloud Payroll - AutoCount OneSales
Programming for on-premise software | C#, Delphi | A software development framework and programming language used to programme and build on-premise software which run on Windows-based operating systems. | - AutoCount Accounting - AutoCount Retail POS - AutoCount F&B POS
Programming for cloud-native backend | Microsoft ASP.NET Core on C# | A software development framework and programming language used to programme and build cloud-native software and applications which run on web browsers. | - AutoCount Cloud Accounting - AutoCount Cloud Payroll - AutoCount OneSales
Programming of user interfaces for cloud-native application | React, Razor Page | A set of software and coding used to programme and build user interfaces for cloud-native software and applications which run on web browsers. | - AutoCount Cloud Accounting - AutoCount Cloud Payroll - AutoCount OneSales
Programming for mobile applications | React Native | A set of software and coding used to programme and build user interfaces for mobile applications which run on mobile operating systems such as Android, IOS and macOS. | - eDashboard (as part of AutoCount POS) - eWaiter (as part of AutoCount F&B POS) - AC Payroll (as part of AutoCount Cloud Payroll)
Cloud computing and hosting | Microsoft Azure, Huawei Cloud | A public cloud computing and hosting platform used to host our cloud-native software and applications. | - AutoCount Cloud Accounting - AutoCount Cloud Payroll - AutoCount OneSales

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
7.6 MODE OF MARKETING AND SALES
Our sales and marketing team is responsible for planning and executing sales and marketing activities, recruiting new dealers, maintaining relationships with our Authorised Dealers, providing sales support and technical training to our Authorised Dealers, preparing quotations and attending enquiries. Our sales and marketing activities are as follows:

(i) Network of Authorised Dealers
Our Group mainly sells our AutoCount software to businesses and companies through our network of Authorised Dealers. As at LPD, our Group has a total of 269 Authorised Dealers across most states and federal territories in Malaysia, as well as in Singapore, Indonesia, Myanmar and Brunei, with further details set out in Section 7.2.3 of this Prospectus. We actively recruit new dealers to expand our user base (i.e. portfolio of businesses and companies that use our AutoCount software).

These Authorised Dealers are responsible for the sale of our AutoCount software to businesses and companies. As our Authorised Dealers mostly comprise software solution providers, they offer our AutoCount software as part of their solution offerings together with some customisations to provide vertical solutions to their customers.

The dealers we recruit are mainly assessed based on their respective customer base, years of industry experience and track records. With our industry track records, generally, potential dealers approach us to be recruited to distribute our AutoCount software. Prior to becoming our Authorised Dealers, our sales and marketing team will conduct an interview with the potential Authorised Dealers that are interested to register as our Authorised Dealers, whereby these potential Authorised Dealers will share with us their experience, track records, and overview of their customer base and/or sales strategies. Based on this information, our sales and marketing team will assess and approve potential Authorised Dealers that have at least 2 years of experience in software distribution, and/or potential Authorised Dealers that demonstrate ability in distributing our software based on their sales strategies, as our Authorised Dealers. Our sales and marketing team will then determine the amount of advance purchase of our AutoCount software to be made by these Authorised Dealers as part of their commitment to promote our products based on their geographical coverage.

Upon becoming our Authorised Dealers, we provide sales support (i.e. marketing materials) and monitor the performance of our Authorised Dealers. We also provide product and technical training to our Authorised Dealers on software customisation, troubleshooting, seasonal or quarterly software update/revision (e.g. software improvements and bug fix), to ensure the Authorised Dealers have sufficient technical knowledge to market and sell our AutoCount software. Further, we may participate in sales meetings with our Authorised Dealers and their customers, when required, to provide support pertaining to technical information and product knowledge.

For the sale of on-premise AutoCount software, our Authorised Dealers will be given rebates based on their annual sales achievement; whereas for the sale of cloud-native AutoCount software, our Authorised Dealers will be apportioned certain commission percentage based on the achieved sales. We also organised events, i.e. dealers' appreciation night, for our Authorised Dealers to share and exchange industry knowledge and vertical solutions offered to their end-user customers amongst each other. This enables our Group and our Authorised Dealers to stay updated with the latest industry trend and needs from end-user customers.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

For avoidance of doubt, our Group is neither dependent on our Authorised Dealers nor the dealer agreements to sell our AutoCount software to end-user customers as this business model is quite common in many industries whereby there is an intermediary between brand owners/principals and end-users/end-consumers.

(ii) Sponsorship, collaboration and partnership with institutions, universities and colleges
As at LPD, we collaborate with Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“MIA”) on a non-exclusive basis to promote our AutoCount software to businesses and companies. Under the collaboration, MIA features our Company details and software offerings through positing on MIA website, and may email our AutoCount e-flyers to its email broadcast subscribers; whereas our Group provides special offers or corporate discounts to MIA's members and members' firms, which include special purchase price for our AutoCount Accounting, discounts for each additional user access, discounts on first-year subscription of our AutoCount Cloud Payroll.

Further, we have also sponsored events organised by SME Association of Malaysia and Chartered Tax Institute of Malaysia. We are one of the sponsors for their events in exchange of promoting our software through several types of marketing materials such as displaying our buntings in the events and having our company details and software offerings printed in the event booklets/handouts.

Further, as at LPD, we also partner with local public and private universities and colleges in Malaysia on a non-exclusive basis, such as Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman, Tunku Abdul Rahman University of Management and Technology and Xiamen University Malaysia where we provide AutoCount accounting software to these universities and colleges to be included as part of their accounting course syllabus. We entered into memorandum of agreements with the respective education institutions and these partnerships are not on an exclusive basis. The access to our AutoCount accounting software (an access link for software installation via AutoCount Academy) and electronic course books are provided to these universities and colleges and their students free of charge. In the event that the universities and colleges request for printed course books, our Group will charge the universities and colleges accordingly. Through partnerships with these universities and colleges, we are able to impart product knowledge on AutoCount accounting software while enhancing our brand image and awareness amongst students who will be entering the workforce and may be involved in the accounting field in the future, thereby creating potential and sustainable demand for our software in the long term. In the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022, our Group partnered with 47 universities and colleges for inclusion of AutoCount accounting software as part of their accounting software course syllabus, and we provided approximately 15,000 course books to universities and colleges for the training of AutoCount accounting software usage as part of their accounting course syllabus.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

(iii) Digital media and online marketing
To increase brand awareness and to drive traffic to our website, we utilise pay per click advertising across search engines and social media, namely Google and Facebook.
With Google, we utilise the following digital marketing strategies:
(a) Google Ad, where we display specific advertisements and promotions which are targeted to specific online media users in websites; and
(b) Search engine optimisation, where it enables maximisation of traffic to our website through high ranking of our website on Google search results.
With Facebook, we utilise boosted posts, where we display specific advertisements and promotions which are targeted to specific Facebook users.

We also conduct online marketing activities through social media (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Telegram), which include postings and updates of our software offerings, live demo of our software, tutorials videos of our software and online launchings of our software.

Further, for businesses and companies which are interested to get a free-trial or subscribe to our cloud-native AutoCount software, they can register an account on our subscription portals which can be accessed at www.autocountsoft.com/freetrial.html.

Moving forward, we will continue to explore and engage in different digital advertising activities that are suited to the latest consumer trend to expand our brand presence.

(iv) Participation in exhibitions and organisation of seminars and webinars
We participate in exhibitions and conduct seminars and webinars to promote our software. We leverage on these events to showcase our software offerings to new markets, build customer relationships and establish contact with potential customers, while promoting our market presence. It also enables us to stay updated with the latest finance management software solutions and technology. Following some of these events, we were featured on various newspapers that showcase our products and post-event articles.

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we did not participate in any physical exhibitions or events in 2020 and 2021. Nevertheless, we conducted several webinars to continue capturing sales from businesses and companies. The following are some examples of exhibitions, seminars and webinars which we participated/organised over the last 4 FYEs and up to LPD:

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

Year | Name of exhibition, seminar and webinar | Organiser | Location
------- | -------- | -------- | --------
2019 | SME Export Forum 2019 | Maybank and Bizphere | Malaysia
| AutoCount Dealers Appreciation Night | In-house by our Group | Malaysia
| KLUCCCI Digital Transformation | Kluang Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KLUCCCI) | Malaysia
2020 | Several live stream events on Facebook, covering several topics, which include: - business digitalisation and SME Business Digitalisation Grant - business transformation in COVID-19 - business digitalisation with e-commerce | In-house by our Group | Online
2021 | MDEC's 100 Go Digital Coaching Workshops | MDEC | Online
| AutoCount @ 100 Go Digital #RakanUsahawanPUNB | MDEC and Perbadanan Usahawan Nasional Berhad | Online
| How AutoCount Cloud Accounting makes your working life easier & help in generating passive income for Accountant? | In-house by our Group | Online
2022 | AutoCount Accounting Function and Module Updates | In-house by our Group | Online
| MOST INCREDIBLE Accounting Processes Transformation for ACCOUNTANT + build your SMART Passive Income | In-house by our Group | Online
| Malaysia International Retail and Franchise Exhibition | Malaysia Retail Chain Association | Malaysia
| Go BIG with Digital Webinar Series 2022 | Malaysia Productivity Corporation | Online
| 12th Philippine SME Business Expo | Mediacom Solutions Inc. | Manila, the Philippines
| AutoCount Dealers Appreciation Night | In-house by our Group | Malaysia
2023 | #SeamlessFilingFromSoftware (#SFFS) Fair | Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore | Singapore
| MIDF Automation & Digital Forum | Malaysian Industrial Development Finance Berhad, Bizsphere Sdn Bhd and Smart4wrd | Malaysia

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

Moving forward, we will participate in physical exhibitions and conduct physical seminars as the COVID-19 situation has mostly subsided and organizing of physical events are allowed. Meanwhile, we plan to continue to organise webinars, and leverage on digital media and online marketing channels as detailed in Section 7.6(iii) of this Prospectus, to expand our customer base and enhance our brand exposure.

(v) Corporate website
We have established our corporate website www.autocountsoft.com which provides information on our Group and our software. Any parties who are interested in our software are able to contact us and our sales and marketing team will attend to the inquiries accordingly. The current widespread use of the internet as a source of information enables us to cross geographical boundaries and facilitates access from any part of the world, enhancing our potential market reach and exposure.

7.7 COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS
7.7.1 Our AutoCount software are widely used in the market across multiple industries
Since the revamp of our accounting software using Microsoft .Net Framework and Microsoft SQL Server in 2006 and up to LPD, we have sold approximately 70,000 AutoCount software licences for use by approximately 210,000 businesses and companies, primarily in Malaysia and Singapore. These businesses and companies spread across multiple industries, which include consumer products, F&B, trading, distribution, services, grocery retailing, construction, property development, hospitality, telecommunications and logistics to support their finance and accounting functions.

Having a large base of businesses and companies using our AutoCount software demonstrates our capabilities in developing financial management software that is able to support the accounting, payroll and POS functions of many businesses from different industries. This also proves that our software is user-friendly, and compatible and flexible to cater for different business and industry needs. This is attributed to our experience and knowledge in the development of financial management software which enable us to constantly enhance and upgrade our AutoCount software to suit the needs of businesses and companies.

With an established portfolio of businesses and companies using our AutoCount software to support their business operations, we have built a proven reputation in the financial management software industry. This provides our Group with the credentials to further enhance our portfolio, which will contribute positively to our business expansion and financial performance moving forward.

7.7.2 Our business is backed by our in-house supporting system that drives our business sustainability
We adopt a business model which emphasises on developing good quality software for distribution to end-user customers by our Authorised Dealers. We leverage on our wide network of Authorised Dealers to sell and distribute our software, and our Authorised Dealers are backed by our in-house supporting system which is built on 3 core areas, i.e. in-depth industry knowledge and programming expertise, in-house sales and marketing support and AutoCount Academy:

(i) In-depth industry knowledge and programming expertise: we are able to optimise the entire finance and accounting workflow of a business to achieve a seamless flow of information between multiple business functions as well as accurate and real time data reporting; while our expertise in software programming enables us to develop user-friendly software and software that can be easily and conveniently customised to form vertical solutions for end-user customers from different industries.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

Further, our on-premise accounting software, AutoCount Accounting was also developed as a standard accounting software to enable integration with third party software or IT systems. All of these allow our software to be used to form vertical solutions for end-user customers from different industries. Please refer to Sections 7.7.3 and 7.7.4 of this Prospectus for further elaboration.

(ii) In-house sales and marketing support: While we leverage on our network of Authorised Dealers to distribute and sell our AutoCount software to end-user customers, we maintain an in-house sales and marketing team as we recognise that it is crucial to have a dedicated team to support our Authorised Dealers in carrying out sales and distribution of our software. With these support and assistance, our Authorised Dealers are prepared and confident to market our products to potential end-user customers. Please refer to Section 7.7.5 of this Prospectus for further elaboration.

(iii) Auto-count Academy: Auto-Count Academy is a one-stop online self-learning platform with free courses, learning resources and user guides on our AutoCount software. It also has coding references for users who want to customise their user experience in AutoCount software. Through these materials, our Authorised Dealers are able to understand the mechanism quickly and provide relevant services to end-user customers, while providing end-user customers the same access to learn and pick up our AutoCount software conveniently. Please refer to Section 7.7.6 of this Prospectus for further elaboration.

With our in-house supporting system in place to support our Authorised Dealers in selling and distributing our software, our Group can focus our resources on continuous enhancement of our existing software and development of new software to address the digitalisation needs of businesses and companies, thereby sustaining our business in the long term.

7.7.3 We offer a range of financial management software which can be integrated and customised to suit different needs of businesses and companies
Our Group offers 3 types of financial management software, comprising accounting software, POS software and payroll software under our "AutoCount" brand. These software can be used by businesses and companies on a standalone basis, or co-integrated with each other (e.g. integration between AutoCount Accounting and AutoCount POS Retail) to form a comprehensive system to support day-to-day business operations. Such integration ensures seamless connectivity between the different software under different business functions and streamlines the flow of data and information (e.g. sales data, commission and payroll record) across these business functions, which simplify financial and sales reporting process for better and timely decision making.

These software can be used by businesses and companies directly upon installation to access default and readily available functions in the respective software. Further, these software were also designed to allow customisation to form vertical solutions to suit different needs of businesses and companies. Such software customisation extends the functionalities of our software by including new functions/modules according to the needs of businesses and companies to support end-users' business operations. Our AutoCount software are also developed with readily available APIs to enable integration with third party software or IT systems. Please refer to Section 7.2.1 of this Prospectus for examples of vertical customisation that can be done to our AutoCount software.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

Software customisation are provided to businesses and companies by third party, i.e. our Authorised Dealers who are mostly software solution providers as part of their service offerings. The customisation of our AutoCount software can also be performed by third party software developers engaged separately by our end-user customers. Customisation of our software can be performed easily and conveniently by these third parties as the technical details required for customisations (e.g. coding details and troubleshooting) are made available to public by our Group through AutoCount Academy to ease the customisation. With this, we enable our Authorised Dealers to enhance their offerings by providing customised and comprehensive business solutions to their customers, and as a result, our software is well-received by our Authorised Dealers in the market for its flexibility to accommodate to different needs of businesses and companies.

7.7.4 Our experience, knowledge and expertise in the development of financial management software enable us to continuously upgrade and adapt our software to changing market requirements and trends
Having been in the financial management software industry for approximately 27 years, we have accumulated relevant experience and knowledge in developing software to support businesses' and companies' accounting and other business functions. As at LPD, we have our in-house software development team comprising 31 programmers who are responsible for the development as well as continuous improvement and upgrades of our AutoCount software.

Our software development team stays abreast with the changing market requirements and trends, and makes necessary upgrades and enhancement to our software to ensure our software constantly remains relevant in the market. For example, we revamped our AutoCount Accounting in 2006 from file-based system to database management system which is developed using Microsoft .Net Framework and Microsoft SQL Server, to enhance the software's stability and flexibility in including new features and functions. Additionally, in order to keep pace with the increasing adoption of cloud computing and storage in the business environment, we launched cloud-native payroll and accounting software, i.e. AutoCount Cloud Payroll and AutoCount Cloud Accounting in 2019 and 2021 respectively. Moreover, in view of the increasing proliferation of e-wallet usage in Malaysia, in 2019, we enhanced our AutoCount POS by incorporating features to support e-wallet payment services such as Grab Pay, Touch N' Go Wallet, Boost and WeChat Pay.

Over the years, we have demonstrated our ability and resilience to develop new, and upgrade our existing financial management software, along the changing market requirements and trends. It is also our Group's core values and beliefs to continuously endeavour for improvement, and as such we strive to ensure that we remain at the forefront of the financial management software industry by continuously investing in our employees and staying abreast with the latest market requirements and technology. All of these will continue to drive the growth and expansion of our Group.

7.7.5 We have an established AutoCount brand and a wide Authorised Dealer network to expand our market and brand presence
Our Group's ability to grow our business over the years demonstrates our proven track record in relation to the practicality and functionality of our software, and it has enabled us to establish our AutoCount brand as a trusted brand. This allows our Group to continue to grow and expand our Authorised Dealer network and user base amongst businesses and companies.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

We have established a wide Authorised Dealer network comprising 269 dealers as at LPD across most states and federal territories in Malaysia as well as in Singapore, Indonesia, the Philippines, Myanmar and Brunei to reach out to a broad base of businesses and companies to achieve economies of scale and grow our market share. Amongst our Authorised Dealers, most of them are software solution providers which are involved in the provision of software solutions using our AutoCount software as one or several of the modules of the software solutions together with some customisations to provide vertical solutions to their customers. This has further strengthened our competitive edge as we can leverage on their IT expertise in providing complete vertical solutions to businesses and companies using our AutoCount software. Please refer to Section 7.2.3 of this Prospectus for further information on our Authorised Dealer network.

As our Group continues to enhance our AutoCount brand and expand our Authorised Dealer network, it will allow us to build a strong foundation to support our future business expansion and growth.

7.7.6 Our Auto-Count Academy provides quick and easy access to a library of learning materials and coding references, as well as partnerships with educational institutions, which strengthen our reputation in the industry and create potential demand for our software
Over the years, we have developed and improved our learning and training materials which are free materials made available online to allow our Authorised Dealers and end-user customers to learn about our AutoCount software at their convenience. As we emphasise on providing our users friendly user experience, the learning materials provided will grant them quick and easy access to learn and pick up our software and speed up the adoption and usage of our software at their workplace, which aim to encourage continuous usage of our software.

Since 2010, our Group has set up an education team with the aim of partnering with educational institutions on a non-exclusive basis including local public and private universities and colleges to utilise our accounting software for academic purposes.

Under these partnerships, we supply AutoCount accounting software to the educational institutions to be included as part of their accounting course syllabus. We also provide necessary training to the lecturers of the educational institutions, which in turn allows them to pass on the skills to their students. Furthermore, we also prepare learning materials which are tailored to our accounting software for the students to utilise in their accounting software course. Upon completion of the accounting software course, the students will be awarded a certification issued by our Group. Over the years, we have established partnerships local public and private universities and colleges such as Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman, Tunku Abdul Rahman University of Management and Technology and Xiamen University Malaysia. In the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022, we provided approximately 15,000 course books to universities and colleges for the training of AutoCount accounting software usage as part of their accounting course syllabus.

Through partnerships with these educational institutions, we are able to enhance our brand image and awareness amongst students who will be entering the workforce and may be involved in the accounting field in the future. This is expected to create potential and sustainable demand for our software in the long term, thereby supporting our business growth and expansion.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
7.7.7 We have experienced Executive Directors and Key Senior Management team
Our Executive Directors and Key Senior Management team possesses in-depth industry knowledge, technical know-how and experience in finance management software industry. Our Managing Director, CYT and our Executive Chairman, CCP have approximately 27 years of experience in the finance management software industry. They have contributed significantly to our Group's historical expansion, and will continue to play pivotal roles in our Group's future growth.

Our Managing Director and Executive Chairman are supported by a team of Key Senior Management team comprising:

Name | Designation | Years of relevant working experience | Years of service in our Group up to LPD
------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Ng Boon Thye | Sales and Marketing Director | 23 | 7
Lim Kim Seng | Software Development Director | 23 | 7
Tan Wee Kong | Chief Financial Officer | 22 | 5

We believe that our Key Senior Management team, with their respective experience and commitment to our Group, will provide impetus for the continuous growth of our Group in the future. Please refer to Section 9.1.2 and Section 9.3.2 of this Prospectus for the profiles of our Executive Directors and Key Senior Management respectively.

7.8 BUSINESS STRATEGIES AND PLANS
Our future plans and strategies are as follows:
7.8.1 We intend to expand our business presence to Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines; as well as continue to expand our business in Singapore
As at LPD, our Group operates from our offices in Malaysia and Singapore, which are the main countries we derived our sales from. In the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022, revenue generated from Malaysia accounted for 83.15%, 78.58%, 75.10% and 80.65% to our Group's total revenue respectively, whereas Singapore accounted for 15.18%, 20.06%, 24.19% and 18.72% to our Group's total revenue respectively. Leveraging on our success in growing our business in Singapore, we intend to expand our business in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines, with primary focus on the sale of cloud-native software in these countries, as these are amongst the countries with the largest economies in Southeast Asia. After setting up offices and teams in these 4 countries, we will prioritise our proposed expansion in Philippines and Indonesia as Philippines' native language is English and there are fewer competitors in the market, whilst we already have Authorised Dealers in Indonesia since 2009-2010 and our Group is convinced on the prospects of our AutoCount software in the Indonesia market. Thailand and Vietnam will be our subsequent priority as our Group is relatively new to these markets but believe that there are opportunities for our Group as Thailand and Vietnam are poised for economic growth. We also plan to further expand our business in Singapore for the sale of cloud-native software. As at LPD, our Group only offers on-premise software in Singapore as AutoCount Cloud Accounting was launched in 2021 and is relatively new, and we are in the midst of localising our AutoCount Cloud Accounting for the Singapore market which we target to launch in April 2023. Thereafter, we will evaluate the suitability to launch AutoCount Cloud Payroll in Singapore.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

To facilitate our regional expansion plan, we intend to establish an office in each of these countries, and to hire relevant personnel to carry out sales and marketing activities in these countries. We may also need to perform software localisation for our software to suit the requirements of local businesses and companies in these countries. The details of our regional expansion plan are as follows:

(i) Establishment of offices
For our expansion into Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines, we plan to set up an office in the capital/major cities of each of these countries (i.e. Bangkok in Thailand, Jakarta in Indonesia, Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam and Manila in the Philippines) simultaneously. These offices will serve as our local sales office to promote our AutoCount software to local customers and to serve our customers more efficiently. For our expansion in Singapore, we plan to expand our office space by renting a bigger office to support our growing business.

The offices in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore is expected to be fully established by 2025, subject to the market feedback such as sales value, customer base and customer acceptance to be received from the respective countries. These market feedback will determine the allocation of resources (refer to Section 7.8.1(ii) and Section 7.8.1(iii) of this Prospectus) for our business expansion in each country. The establishment of these offices is estimated to cost a total of RM2.04 million (comprising office rental and purchase of office equipment) over a period of 36 months from the date of Listing, all of which will be funded from the IPO proceeds.

(ii) Hiring of personnel
Along with the establishment of offices in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines, we plan to hire a team of 7 personnel for each country, comprising 1 country manager, 2 tele-sales personnel, 2 customer support personnel, 1 sales and marketing personnel and 1 administrative personnel.

As for our current operations in Singapore office, we have 5 employees including a country manager as at LPD. To facilitate our expansion in Singapore, we plan to hire additional 7 personnel, which will comprise 1 assistant manager, 2 tele-sales personnel, 2 customer support personnel, 1 sales and marketing personnel and 1 administrative personnel.

The hiring of personnel in our Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore offices is expected to take place gradually by 2025, and the payroll for these new personnel is estimated to cost a total of RM8.11 million over a period of 36 months from the date of Listing, all of which will be funded from the IPO proceeds.

(iii) Sales and marketing activities
In order to strengthen our market visibility and brand recognition in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore, we plan to undertake the following sales and marketing activities:

(a) Participate in relevant industry exhibitions and forums as well as organise seminars and webinars where we can showcase the advantages and benefits of our software. Examples of events of which we may participate are as follows:
*   Franchise & SME Expo in Thailand and Indonesia;
*   DigiTech ASEAN Thailand;
*   Indonesia Digital Technology Expo;
*   Vietnam ICTComm;
*   Vietnam-Asia DX Summit;
*   The Philippines SME Business Expo;

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
*   Annual National Convention by The Philippines Institute of Certified Public Accountants;
*   The Philippines Software Industry Conference; and
*   SMEICC in Singapore

Showcasing our software and our track records at industry exhibitions, forums and self-organised seminars and webinars will raise the profile and reputation of our Group.

(b) Leverage on our existing digital media and online marketing strategies to promote our software in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore.

We have earmarked a total of RM7.05 million from the IPO proceeds to fund the abovementioned sales and marketing activities in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore, which is expected to be utilised within 36 months from the date of Listing.

(iv) Localisation of software
Our AutoCount software has to be modified and localised, including the language used in the software as well as standards and benchmarks based on local statutory requirements, in order to suit the usage by local businesses and companies in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines. The localisation of our AutoCount software is expected to take place within 36 months from the date of Listing and it is estimated to cost RM0.04 million for each country, amounting to a total estimated cost of RM0.16 million, all of which will be funded from the IPO proceeds.

The localisation of our cloud-native AutoCount software in Singapore is expected to be minimal as we have localised our on-premise AutoCount software in Singapore and the software have been made available for sale in Singapore. Any localisation cost incurred for cloud-native AutoCount software will be funded by internally generated funds from our Singapore operations.

In total, we intend to utilise RM17.35 million from our IPO proceeds to fund our regional expansion plan across Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore, which will be implemented simultaneously. As at LPD, we have commenced some preparation works for this expansion plan, where we have identified suitable locations for office establishment; and we have identified business consultants to engage with, for advice relating to local statutory requirements for accounting and taxation practices. Further, we are in the midst of implementing sales and marketing strategies such as establishing our software subscription webpages and social media sites, as well as seeking collaboration opportunities with local accountant associations. We also attended the 12th Philippine SME Business Expo in 2022 to promote our AutoCount software ahead of our official business expansion into the Philippines. Please refer to Section 4.7 of this Prospectus for further details on the utilisation of our IPO proceeds.

Our plan to expand our business regionally in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore is expected to contribute positively to our financial performance as we generate software sales from local customers in these countries. We may also be able to leverage on the growth of the industry in these markets driven by the ongoing digitalisation initiatives by the governments of the respective countries. It is also expected to enhance our brand exposure in Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singapore and strengthen our reputation in the industry.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
7.8.2 We intend to intensify our R&D efforts to enhance our software offerings
Our Group recognises the importance of continuous R&D to enhance our existing software by developing new features and/or functions in order to remain competitive and relevant in the industry. As such, as part of our continuous effort in improving our range of software offerings, we intend to intensify and strengthen our R&D efforts by focusing on the following areas:

(i) Enhancement of AutoCount Cloud Accounting and AutoCount Cloud Payroll
We intend to upgrade and enhance our cloud-native software (i.e. AutoCount Cloud Accounting and AutoCount Cloud Payroll).

Our AutoCount Cloud Accounting was launched in 2021, and it was designed with basic accounting functions which may not be suitable to handle complex accounting functions and activities. Thus, we plan to continue to enhance the existing functionalities and modules as well as to include new features into the software such as advanced inventory management which involves product batch number control and serial number control, functions related to withholding tax, and integration with local banks to improve the efficiency in banking and payment process.

As for the enhancement of AutoCount Cloud Payroll, we plan to focus on enhancing several existing functions which comprise leave management, claim management and time attendance.

Pursuant to our plans relating to enhancements, we intend to hire approximately 20 new software developers. The hiring of additional software developers is expected to take place gradually by 2024, and the payroll for these new personnel is estimated to cost a total of RM3.36 million over a period of 24 months from the date of Listing, all of which will be funded from the IPO proceeds. Further, we also plan to increase our cloud hosting and storage capacity which will be funded through internally generated fund.

(ii) Enhancement of AutoCount OneSales
We intend to enhance our new cloud-native platform, namely AutoCount OneSales, which was launched in February 2023. AutoCount OneSales is an omni-channel sales platform which currently consists of some basic POS functions and e-commerce solutions for retail businesses. It enables end-user customers to integrate our AutoCount Accounting or AutoCount Cloud Accounting with online marketplaces (e.g, Shopee and Lazada) to import sales orders and payment details from these platforms.

Moving forward, we will continue to focus on developing additional and more comprehensive features and functions for AutoCount OneSales. As such, we plan to hire 11 new software developers to focus on the development of new features and functions for AutoCount OneSales, As at LPD, our Group had employed 1 new software programmers for this purpose, and we will continue to hire the remaining planned headcount of 10 additional software developers gradually by 2024. The payroll for these new personnel is estimated to cost RM1.85 million over a period of 24 months from the date of Listing, all of which will be funded from the IPO proceeds.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

The total cost required to strengthen our R&D efforts is estimated to be RM5.21 million, which will be funded by IPO proceeds. Please refer to Section 4.7 of this Prospectus for further details on the utilisation of our IPO proceeds. Notwithstanding that we have a software development team comprising 31 software developers as at LPD, most of our existing software developers mainly focus on our on-going enhancement activities for our existing on-premise software. As we intend to continue to enhance our cloud-native software, we will need to hire additional software developers to solely focus on carrying out such R&D activities as part of our plan to intensify our R&D efforts. We plan to hire the additional software developers required through online recruitment platforms (i.e. job posting sites) and employee referrals. Our Group does not foresee any difficulties in hiring software developers as the hiring will take place gradually until 2024.

Our continued focus on R&D for the on-going enhancement of our cloud-native software and solutions will enable our Group to remain competitive for long term sustainable growth, and to capture software sales from businesses and companies in catering to their business digitalisation needs.

Moving forward, our Group will continue to focus on serving our target mass market end-user customers which are mainly SMEs. There is no intention for our Group to enter into a new market to offer enterprise resource planning software which is mainly used by a smaller pool of customers comprising large organisations with complex business and operational requirements.

7.9 PRODUCTION OUTPUT, CAPACITY AND UTILISATION
Due to the nature of our business in the development and distribution of finance management software, the computation of operating capacities and output are not applicable to us.

7.10 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
As part of our continuous effort in improving our range of financial management software, we actively engage in R&D activities to develop new software and enhance our existing software by expanding the functions and enhancing the features of our AutoCount software.

Our Group's R&D activities are carried out by of our software development team, and are led by our Chairman, CCP and our Software Development Director, Lim Kim Seng, who possess approximately 27 and 23 years of experience in the finance management software industry respectively.

We believe that by expanding and enhancing our range of offerings, we will be well-positioned to capture business opportunities and to expand our market presence.

The key stages of our Group's R&D activities are as follows:

(i) Market observation and feedback gathering
We constantly keep abreast with the latest market requirements and trends as well as the digitalisation needs of businesses and companies in terms of financial management, including new functions or features that are sought after by businesses and companies, issues faced by businesses and companies in financial management that can be facilitated with the use of software, and preferences towards certain type of user interface. We also communicate with our Authorised Dealers who are mostly software solution providers regularly to discover the latest market requirements and preferences towards financial management software. All of these are insights to be used in our R&D activities to develop new software and enhance our existing software.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

(ii) Software design and development/ enhancement
With information gathered from market observation and customer feedback, we conceptualise and design new software or new functions/ features to be added to our existing software. This includes setting out the modules and sub-modules required, integration and linkage between modules and sub-modules, user-interface, as well as technical details including programming language, computing platform, back-end server and database storage platform. Following which, we will develop the software according to the product design specifications.

(iii) Software testing
Upon the completion of software development, we will perform software testing such as functional testing and performance testing to ensure the software meets our requirements, stable for operation and free of bugs.

Once the new or enhanced software is ready for launching, we will carry out advertising and launching activities to market the new software, further details of which are set out in Section 7.6 of this Prospectus.

For the FYE 2020, FYE 2021 and FYE 2022, the R&D expenses incurred by our Group, comprising staff cost, amounted to RM0.46 million, RM0.76 million and RM0.60 million respectively, representing 2.34%, 2.58% and 1.56% of our Group's total revenue. Our Group did not incur any R&D expenses for the FYE 2019 as the R&D expenses incurred was for AutoCount Cloud Payroll at the material time, which did not have certainty in generating future economic benefits. AutoCount Cloud Payroll was launched in FYE 2019 with a free subscription period of 12 months and only commenced generating income since FYE 2020.

As part of our business strategies, we intend to put in continuous effort in improving our range of software offerings, whereby we intend to intensify and strengthen our R&D efforts by enhancing our software. Please refer to Section 7.8.2 of this Prospectus for further details on our business strategies and plans in intensifying our R&D efforts.

7.11 TYPES, SOURCES AND AVAILABILITY OF SUPPLIES
In the FYE 2020, FYE 2021 and FYE 2022, our Group's purchases and outsource fees primarily comprise implementation, customisation and/or training services sourced from third parties for the provision of additional services to our direct end-user customers under the SME Business Digitalisation Grant, with further details set out in Section 7.2.3 of this Prospectus.

In the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022, we also subscribed to cloud computing and hosting platform for the hosting of our cloud-native software, and sourced for SQL runtime licence on Microsoft SQL Server for the usage of its database management system for our software. During the same period, we also sourced for POS hardware when requested by our customers, and for dongles which were used as one of the forms of delivery for our on-premise software.

In the FYE 2019, FYE 2020 and FYE 2021, we also outsourced some software development, upkeeping and/or maintenance works to a third party company solely for the localisation of our software for Singapore market.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

The breakdown of our purchases and outsource fees for supplies and services in the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022 is as follows:

Category | Source | FYE 2019 (RM'000) | FYE 2019 (%) | FYE 2020 (RM'000) | FYE 2020 (%) | FYE 2021 (RM'000) | FYE 2021 (%) | FYE 2022 (RM'000) | FYE 2022 (%)
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | Local | - | - | 249 | 30.29 | 1,328 | 69.31 | 796 | 40.22
SQL runtime licence | Local | 174 | 24.61 | 272 | 33.09 | 220 | 11.48 | 519 | 26.23
Subscription of cloud computing and hosting platform | Overseas | 31 | 4.38 | 90 | 10.95 | 231 | 12.06 | 459 | 23.19
Dongle | Overseas | 88 | 12.45 | 33 | 4.02 | 14 | 0.73 | 50 | 2.53
POS hardware | Local | 142 | 20.09 | 12 | 1.46 | 23 | 1.20 | 10 | 0.51
Outsourced software development, upkeeping and/or maintenance services | Local | 228 | 32.25 | 134 | 16.30 | 50 | 2.61 | - | -
Others(1) | Local and overseas | 44 | 6.22 | 32 | 3.89 | 50 | 2.61 | 145 | 7.32
Total purchase and outsource fees | | 707 | 100.00 | 822 | 100.00 | 1,916 | 100.00 | 1,979 | 100.00

Note:
(1) Comprise mainly licence and subscription for, amongst others, website domain and software development programme, website hosting and maintenance, as well as payment gateway and online attendance tracking feature for our cloud-native software; printed course books to be provided to universities and colleges for education purpose; and purchase of other software such as additional plug-ins which are extended functions developed by our Authorised Dealers, for integration into our AutoCount software as required by our direct end-user customers.

During the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022 and up to LPD, our Group did not experience any difficulties in sourcing for supplies and services from our suppliers, and these supplies and services are not subject to price fluctuations.

[THE REST OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
7.12 MAJOR CUSTOMERS
Our Group's top 5 major customers for the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022 are as follows:

FYE 2019
Customer name | Software sold | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Sales (RM '000) | % of our Group's revenue
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Accountsoft Enterprise Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 11 | 534 | 2.83
Ingenious Business Software Pte Ltd | accounting software | 13 | 492 | 2.61
Asiasoft Business Solutions | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 14(1) | 418 | 2.21
SC Biz Solutions (Sabah) Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 14(2) | 408 | 2.16
Creative eWorld Pte Ltd | accounting software | 15 | 364 | 1.93
Sub-total | | | 2,216 | 11.74
Total revenue | | | 18,891 | 100.00

FYE 2020
Customer name | Software sold | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Sales (RM '000) | % of our Group's revenue
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Ingenious Business Software Pte Ltd | accounting software and POS software | 13 | 946 | 4.82
Accountsoft Enterprise Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 11 | 476 | 2.42
Rockbell International Software Pte Ltd | accounting software and POS software | 13 | 472 | 2.40
Creative eWorld Pte Ltd | accounting software | 15 | 459 | 2.34
Asiasoft Business Solutions | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 14(1) | 456 | 2.32
Sub-total | | | 2,809 | 14.30
Total revenue | | | 19,638 | 100.00

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

FYE 2021
Customer name | Software sold | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Sales (RM '000) | % of our Group's revenue
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Ingenious Business Software Pte Ltd | accounting software and POS software | 13 | 2,387 | 8.10
Rockbell International Software Pte Ltd | accounting software and POS software | 13 | 802 | 2.72
Accountsoft Enterprise Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 11 | 665 | 2.26
Creative eWorld Pte Ltd | accounting software | 15 | 652 | 2.21
SC Biz Solutions (Sabah) Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 14(2) | 624 | 2.12
Sub-total | | | 5,130 | 17.41
Total revenue | | | 29,483 | 100.00

FYE 2022
Customer name | Software sold | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Sales (RM '000) | % of our Group's revenue
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Ingenious Business Software Pte Ltd | accounting software and POS software | 13 | 2,050 | 5.30
Creative eWorld Pte Ltd | accounting software | 15 | 927 | 2.39
Accountsoft Enterprise Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 11 | 920 | 2.38
Asiacare Service & Marketing Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 14(1) | 852 | 2.20
SC Biz Solutions (Sabah) Sdn Bhd | accounting software, POS software and payroll software | 14(2) | 768 | 1.98
Sub-total | | | 5,517 | 14.25
Total revenue | | | 38,717 | 100.00

Notes:
(1) Represents our business relationship with Asiacare Service & Marketing Sdn Bhd's predecessor, Asiasoft Business Solutions from 2009 to LPD.
(2) Represents our business relationship with SC Biz Solutions (Sabah) Sdn Bhd's predecessor, SC Biz Solutions from 2009 to LPD.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

For the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022, our top 5 major customers contributed 11.74%, 14.30%, 17.41% and 14.25% of our Group's total revenue respectively. All these major customers are our Authorised Dealers whereby they are software solution providers which are involved in the provision of solution offerings using our AutoCount software together with some customisations to provide vertical solutions to their customers.

We are not dependent on any of our major customers for the distribution of our AutoCount software as we have a wide network of Authorised Dealers. In the event that any of our Authorised Dealers cease to purchase from us, we do not expect any material impact to our revenue, as we would still be able to generate revenue from other existing Authorised Dealers or from new Authorised Dealers recruited by our Group.

Our Group enters into dealer agreements with our Authorised Dealers to distribute our AutoCount software to our end-user customers. The principal terms of the dealer agreements are set out below:-
(i) The duration of the dealer agreements signed with our Authorised Dealers is generally 1 year, and are renewable upon expiry at our discretion;
(ii) Our Authorised Dealers must not appoint any sub-dealer without our express written consent;
(iii) Our Authorised Dealers' duties include to actively promote the sale of our products in Malaysia; to provide excellent quality after-sale supports to our end-user customers; to adhere to our minimum retail price policy as may be amended from time to time; to refrain from marketing, offering for sale, selling or otherwise transferring, directly or indirectly, our products to any person outside of Malaysia without our express written consent; to comply with the minimum sales targets set by us; and to purchase our products only from our Group and not from any other person or entity, wherever located; and
(iv) Our Group's duties include to make available all series of our products with proper licensing methods that can be offered, distributed, and implemented by our Authorised Dealers to our end-user customers; to provide our Authorised Dealers with knowledge and technical supports on our products through training classes, telephone, email, messaging and online supports; and to assist our Authorised Dealers in selling and promoting our products by providing consultation on product functionality and marketing strategies.

Please refer to Section 7.2.3 of this Prospectus for further details of our arrangement with Authorised Dealers.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
7.13 MAJOR SUPPLIERS
Our Group's top 5 suppliers for the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022 are as follows:

FYE 2019
Supplier name | Products/services sourced | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Purchases (RM '000) | % of our Group's purchases
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Practical Software Solutions | Outsourced software development, upkeeping and/or maintenance services | 4 | 228 | 32.25
VSTECS Astar Sdn. Bhd. | SQL runtime licences | 12 | 174 | 24.61
McAMOS Technology Corporation | Dongles | 8 | 88 | 12.45
AQ Technology Services | IT hardware | 7 | 67 | 9.48
Evoteq Sdn Bhd | POS hardware | 4 | 61 | 8.63
Subtotal | | | 618 | 87.42
Total purchases and outsource fees | | | 707 | 100.00

FYE 2020
Supplier name | Products/ services sourced | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Purchases (RM '000) | % of our Group's purchases
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
VSTECS Astar Sdn. Bhd. | SQL runtime licences | 12 | 272 | 33.09
Practical Software Solutions | Outsourced software development, upkeeping and/or maintenance services | 4 | 134 | 16.30
Microsoft Regional Sales Group (1) | Cloud computing and hosting platform (Microsoft Azure) | 5 | 90 | 10.95
McAMOS Technology Corporation | Dongles | 8 | 33 | 4.01
UBX System Solution | Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | 3 | 17 | 2.07
Subtotal | | | 546 | 66.42
Total purchases and outsource fees | | | 822 | 100.00

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

FYE 2021
Supplier name | Products/ services sourced | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Purchases (RM '000) | % of our Group's purchases
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Microsoft Regional Sales Group(1) | Cloud computing and hosting platform (Microsoft Azure) | 5 | 231 | 12.06
VSTECS Astar Sdn Bhd | SQL runtime licences | 12 | 220 | 11.48
SHL Business Solutions Sdn Bhd | Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | 3(2) | 85 | 4.44
Total Esolution | Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | 3 | 82 | 4.28
KS Leow Business Solutions Plt | Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | 3 | 79 | 4.12
Subtotal | | | 697 | 36.38
Total purchases and outsource fees | | | 1,916 | 100.00

FYE 2022
Supplier name | Products/services sourced | Length of relationship as at LPD (Years) | Purchases (RM '000) | % of our Group's purchases
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
VSTECS Astar Sdn Bhd | SQL runtime licences | 12 | 519 | 26.23
Microsoft Regional Sales Group (1) | Cloud computing and hosting platform (Microsoft Azure) | 5 | 449 | 22.69
Total Esolution | Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | 3 | 81 | 4.09
Vision Tech Worldwide Sdn Bhd | Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | 2 | 65 | 3.28
SHL Business Solutions Sdn Bhd | Outsourced implementation, customisation and/or training services | 3(2) | 64 | 3.23
Subtotal | | | 1,178 | 59.52
Total purchases and outsource fees | | | 1,979 | 100.00

Notes:
(1) Comprises Microsoft Regional Sales Corporation and Microsoft Regional Sales Pte Ltd.
(2) Represents our business relationship with SHL Business Solutions Sdn Bhd's predecessor, SHL Business Solutions Provider from 2020 to LPD.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

For the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022, our top 5 suppliers contributed 87.42%, 66.42%, 36.38% and 59.52% of our total purchases and outsource fees, respectively. The main products and services that we sourced from these major suppliers were implementation, upkeeping and/or maintenance services as well as software development, upkeeping and/or maintenance services focusing on localisation for our software which were outsourced to third parties; SQL runtime licences on Microsoft SQL Server for the usage of its database management system for our software; cloud computing and hosting platform for the hosting of our cloud-native software, dongles that are used as one of the forms of delivery for our on-premise software and POS hardware when requested by our customers.

Based on the tables above, some of our major suppliers contributed more than 10.00% of our purchases and outsource fees in the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022 (i.e. Practical Software Solutions, VSTECS Astar Sdn Bhd, McAMOS Technology Corporation and Microsoft Regional Sales Group). Nevertheless, we are not dependent on these suppliers as such products and/or services that we purchased from these suppliers are readily available in the market. In the event that these suppliers cease selling to us, we can easily source for similar products and/or services from other suppliers in the market.

[THE REST OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)
7.14 INTERRUPTIONS TO BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS
In May 2022, our business and operations faced a minor temporary interruption in our AutoCount Cloud Payroll pursuant to a service interruption experienced by one of the hosting platforms of our third party cloud computing and hosting platform which hosted our AutoCount Cloud Payroll. Immediately upon identifying the issue, our Group closely assessed, investigated and monitored the interruptions to our AutoCount Cloud Payroll and worked closely with our third party cloud computing and hosting platform to troubleshoot and to identify the cause of the service interruptions in the hosting platform. Consequent to this, our users experienced an average 5 hours of slow or limited access to one of the modules of our AutoCount Cloud Payroll for 10 days. During the interruption, we had been communicating with our dealers and/or users to provide assistance where possible, as well as liaising with the third party cloud computing and hosting platform to identify the cause of the service interruptions. After performing several rounds of testing, in the evening of the 10th day of service interruptions, we switched our hosting server to an alternative hosting server under the same third party cloud computing and hosting platform, which resolved the interruption to our AutoCount Cloud Payroll where the full access to the software has since reverted to normal. As such, there was no material impact to our reputation arising from this incident. The third party cloud computing and hosting platform had also resolved the service interruptions arising from one of their hosting platforms which our AutoCount Cloud Payroll was previously hosted on. Our Group voluntarily extended the subscription terms by 1 month for end-user customers who subscribed for yearly plan, and waived the subscription fees for the affected module for 1 month for end-user customers who subscribed for monthly plan, to compensate the affected end-user customers. The loss of revenue arising from such compensations amounted to approximately RM0.04 million for the FYE 2022. The cost arising from such compensation was borne by our Group and it did not affect the respective Authorised Dealers' commissions.

During the interruption period where our users experienced slow or limited access to our AutoCount Cloud Payroll, we received complaints from our end-user customers as well as our Authorised Dealers. However, there were no claims received from our end-user customers or our Authorised Dealers. Save for this event, there was no other similar event for the Financial Years Under Review and up to LPD.

Further, our business and operations faced minor temporary interruption pursuant to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in the countries we operate in and transact. Details are as follows:

(i) Impact on our business operations
Malaysia operations
Since the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, there were several rounds of office closure due to lockdown measures imposed by the Government of Malaysia, as our business is not deemed as essential services and we were not allowed to open our office.

During the periods of office closure, our employees continued to work from home and hence, our business operations were able to continue. We did not face any disruption in the procurement and receipt of supplies and services from our suppliers nor face any disruption in software delivery to our customers. However, there were minimal interruptions to our business operations as we were unable to conduct physical meetings and trainings with our employees and Authorised Dealers, or perform software implementation physically at our end-user customers' office. Nevertheless, we conducted virtual meeting and training sessions, and performed software implementation remotely. At the same time, our Authorised Dealers were also required to close their office as they are not deemed as essential services. Although our Authorised Dealers were unable to conduct physical software implementation at their customers' office, they continued to conduct software implementation remotely. As such, there was minimal impact to our business operations in Malaysia pursuant to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

Our office commenced operation on November 2021 and we complied to the SOPs set by the Government of Malaysia throughout the COVID-19 pandemic period. As at LPD, we have stopped adopting hybrid working arrangement where all our employees have returned to office.

Singapore operations
Since the imposition of circuit breaker (“CB") in April 2020, our office had been closed until the re-opening of our office in March 2021 with limitation on workforce capacity as our Group was deemed as non-essential services.

During the periods of office closure, our employees continued to work from home and hence, our business operations were able to continue. We did not face any disruption in the procurement and receipt of supplies and services from our suppliers nor face any disruption in software delivery to our customers. Save for the restrictions on conducting physical meetings and trainings with our employees and Authorised Dealers as well as inability to perform software implementation physically, there was no other impact to our business operations in Singapore pursuant to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic.

As at LPD, we have stopped adopting hybrid working arrangement where all our employees have returned to office.

(ii) Impact on our business cash flows, liquidity, financial position and financial performance
Despite several rounds of office closure during the COVID-19 pandemic, there was no material impact to our business operations and we managed to record revenue growth for the FYE 2020, FYE 2021 and FYE 2022. Hence, there was no impact to our financial performance pursuant to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, there was also no material impact on the collectability of our trade receivables. As at LPD, we do not expect any major adverse impact to our financial performance for the FYE 2023 as our Group continues to operate as usual.

Further details on our cash and bank balances as at LPD are as set out in Section 12.4.1 of this Prospectus. Our Board is confident that, after taking into account our cash and bank balances currently available to our Group, our working capital will be sufficient for our capital/operating expenditure and to sustain our business.

Based on the above, we do not expect any material impact to our cash flows, liquidity, financial position and financial performance.

(iii) Strategy and steps taken to address the impact of COVID-19
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, our Group has established a standard safety protocol prior to the endemic phase to protect employees and customers against COVID-19 infection in accordance with the government's latest guidelines.

As Malaysia and Singapore have entered into the endemic phase, our Group currently practices the following standard safety protocol:
(a) Wearing of face masks at work places;
(b) Employees are encouraged to sanitise and wash their hands with soap and water frequently throughout the day; and
(c) Weekly saliva rapid antigen test for all employees who attend to office.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

(iv) COVID-19 incidents related to our employees
Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and up to LPD, we have recorded 65 confirmed cases for COVID-19, comprising employees from all departments. The occurrence of confirmed cases for COVID-19 did not cause any impact to our Group's operations at any point in time. Upon every confirmation of positive cases, our Group has taken the necessary steps according to the guidelines released by the Government of Malaysia, to minimise the risk of cross infection and to ensure safety of our employees and work places.

To comply with the SOPs imposed since March 2020 and up until LPD, our Group had incurred additional costs amounting to approximately RM0.07 million, which is not material to our Group. The additional costs include, amongst others, the COVID-19 testing costs, disinfection costs, quarantine costs and purchase of face masks and sanitisers.

We also received wage subsidies amounting to a total of approximately RM0.08 million from the Government of Singapore under several schemes such as Wage Credit Scheme (WCS) and Jobs Support Scheme (JSS), between FYE 2020 and up to LPD. Our Group did not participate in wage subsidy programmes initiated by the Malaysian Government to cushion the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

As at LPD, our Group has not been in breach of any laws relating to COVID-19 restrictions and/or SOPs issued by the relevant authorities.

Save for minimal interruptions to our operations arising from an interruption in our AutoCount Cloud Payroll and COVID-19 pandemic as detailed above, our Group had not experienced any major interruptions to our operations which had a significant or adverse impact on our business during the past 12 months preceding LPD.

7.15 SEASONALITY AND CYCLICALITY
For the Financial Years Under Review, our Group's business had recorded marginally higher sales during the month of December every year due to the increase in software purchase received from our Authorised Dealers and end-user customers. This may be due to end-user customers' (i.e. businesses and companies) preference in adopting new software prior to the beginning of a new calendar year in the month of January which may generally coincide with the beginning of a new financial year. Nevertheless, there has been no material adverse impact to our Group arising from this seasonality effect.

There was no cyclicality pattern in the revenue of our Group during the Financial Years Under Review.

7.16 EMPLOYEES
The breakdown of our employees by business function or department is as follows:-

(i) As at 31 December 2019
Department/ Division | Permanent Local | Permanent Foreign | Contract/ temporary Local | Contract/ temporary Foreign | Total
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Directors | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Key Senior Management | 3 | - | - | - | 3
Finance | 3 | - | - | - | 3
Internal audit | - | - | - | - | -

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

Department/ Division | Permanent Local | Permanent Foreign | Contract/ temporary Local | Contract/ temporary Foreign | Total
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Human resources and administration | 5 | - | - | - | 5
Licensing | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Education and training | 5 | - | - | - | 5
Customer support | 25 | - | - | - | 25
Software development | 21 | 1(1) | 1 | - | 23
Sales and marketing | 22 | 2(2) | - | - | 24
Total | 88 | 3 | 1 | - | 92

(ii) As at 31 December 2020
Department/ Division | Permanent Local | Permanent Foreign | Contract/ temporary Local | Contract/ temporary Foreign | Total
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Directors | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Key Senior Management | 3 | - | - | - | 3
Finance | 5 | - | - | - | 5
Internal audit | - | - | - | - | -
Human resources and administration | 5 | - | - | - | 5
Licensing | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Education and training | 5 | - | - | - | 5
Customer support | 25 | - | - | - | 25
Software development | 16 | 1(1) | 1 | - | 18
Sales and marketing | 22 | 2(2) | - | - | 24
Total | 85 | 3 | 1 | - | 89

(iii) As at 31 December 2021
Department/ Division | Permanent Local | Permanent Foreign | Contract/ temporary Local | Contract/ temporary Foreign | Total
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Directors | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Key Senior Management | 3 | - | - | - | 3
Finance | 4 | - | - | - | 4
Internal audit | 1 | - | - | - | 1
Human resources and administration | 5 | - | 1 | - | 6
Licensing | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Education and training | 5 | - | - | - | 5
Customer support | 22 | - | - | - | 22
Software development | 22 | 1(1) | 1 | - | 24
Sales and marketing | 23 | 2(2) | - | - | 25
Total | 89 | 3 | 2 | - | 94

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

(iv) As at 31 December 2022
Department/ Division | Permanent Local | Permanent Foreign | Contract/ temporary Local | Contract/ temporary Foreign | Total
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Directors | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Key Senior Management | 3 | - | - | - | 3
Finance | 7 | - | - | - | 7
Internal audit | 1 | - | - | - | 1
Human resources and administration | 5 | - | 2 | - | 7
Licensing | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Education and training | 5 | - | - | - | 5
Customer support | 28 | - | - | - | 28
Software development | 29 | 1(1) | 1 | - | 31
Sales and marketing | 27 | 1(2) | - | - | 28
Total | 109 | 2 | 3 | - | 114

Notes:
(1) Refers to a foreign employee based in our Malaysia office.
(2) Refers to foreign employees based in our Singapore office.

The table below sets out the breakdown of our employees by business function or department as at LPD:
Department/ Division | Permanent Local | Permanent Foreign | Contract/ temporary Local | Contract/ temporary Foreign | Total
------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------
Directors | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Key Senior Management | 3 | - | - | - | 3
Finance | 7 | - | - | - | 7
Internal audit | 1 | - | - | - | 1
Human resources and administration | 6 | - | 1 | - | 7
Licensing | 2 | - | - | - | 2
Education and training | 4 | - | - | - | 4
Customer support | 31 | - | - | - | 31
Software development | 29 | 1(1) | 1 | - | 31
Sales and marketing | 25 | 1(2) | - | - | 26
Total | 110 | 2 | 2 | - | 114

Notes:
(1) Refers to a foreign employee based in our Malaysia office.
(2) Refers to a foreign employee based in our Singapore office.

Registration No. 202201006885 (1452582-U)
7. BUSINESS OVERVIEW (cont'd)

As at LPD, we employ a total of 114 employees, of which 110 are permanent local employees, 2 are permanent foreign employees and the remaining 2 are contractual local employees. In the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022 and up to LPD, we did not face any shortage of employees that materially affected our business operations.

None of our employees, whether permanent or contractual, belong to any labour union. In the past 4 FYEs 2019 to 2022 and up to LPD, we have not experienced any strikes or other disruptions due to labour disputes. In addition, our management has had and will continue to have good working relationships with our employees.

[THE REST OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
